README.md, before:

# Assignment 1: Hello World
Plain and simple, no need to rock the boat.

## Interesting Features
- All of the content is blatantly stolen from Wikipedia
- A leaflet.js map added, featuring a thrilling view of Rochester
- A rather nice (in my biased opinion) usage of CSS grid, including
  - Media query handling of smaller screens
  - Smooth transitions from centered column to right-skewed with a left gutter (to hold a nav I never switched over)
- Everyone's favorite feature to hate: smooth scrolling

## Updates for Assignment 2
> By Duncan Grubbs
### Layout
- I made the nav bar sticky so that wherever you are in your reading you can easily jump to a new spot.

### Embellishments
- I changed the font, font color, as well as the background color. I did this for partially because I thought it looked better, but I also wanted to improve the contrast between the background and the text for better readability.
- I rouned the corners of images. I just think this looks nicer.
- I changed the text highlight color to be Rochester yellow and made the main image fades in just for fun!

Commit message:

Updated Fonts and Line height

README.md, after:

# Assignment 7: Legibility, Readability, and Typography 

#### Name: Emely Rosa-Ortiz

#### Date: 03/24/21

#### Assignment: 07 

#### [Link to original assignment 2 website](http://duncangrubbs.digitalscholar.rochester.edu/assignment02/)

##### Fonts used in original: 

- Arial 
- Sans-serif
- Roboto Slab
- serif 
- Inter 
- Helvetica

##### Fonts:

- I chose Lobster for the main headings(h1 and h2) because it puts emphasis on them. The overall website is minimalistic and I think using a font that is italized  brings more attention to these headings. 
- I chose Oswald for the other headings(h3, h4) because I wanted to make it evident that these were sub-headings. I think the overall mood of the website is calm and minimialistic so this font really depicts these things. 
- I chose Lato for the rest of the website because again it keeps the minimialistic aesthic. It is legible and gives a clean look to the webpage. 

##### CSS:

I ended up not making additional changes to the css because I decided that the website met the CRAP principles. Everything in the website was legible and made the website easy to navigate and read. I only decided to change the line-height to 2 rather than 1.75 because I thought the lines needed a little more spacing to make it much easier to read.
